Add C/C++ diff: scope, modules, packages. (#37167)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/noteworthy-differences.md

    it's more general than that since methods are dispatched on every argument type, not only `this`,
    using the most-specific-declaration rule).

### Julia &hArr; C/C++: Namespaces
  * C/C++ `namespace`s correspond roughly to Julia `module`s.
  * There are no private functions/variables/modules/... in Julia.  Everthing is accessible
    through fully qualified paths (or relative paths, if desired).

>   * `using MyNamespace::myfun` (C++) corresponds roughly to `import MyModule.myfun` (Julia).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `using MyNamespace::myfun` (C++) corresponds roughly to `import MyModule: myfun` (Julia).
```

    it's more general than that since methods are dispatched on every argument type, not only `this`,
    using the most-specific-declaration rule).

### Julia &hArr; C/C++: Namespaces
  * C/C++ `namespace`s correspond roughly to Julia `module`s.

>   * There are no private functions/variables/modules/... in Julia.  Everthing is accessible

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * There are no private globals or fields in Julia.  Everything is publicly accessible
```

  * `using MyNamespace::myfun` (C++) corresponds roughly to `import MyModule: myfun` (Julia).
  * `using namespace MyNamespace` (C++) corresponds roughly to `using MyModule` (Julia)
    * In Julia, only `export`ed symbols are made available to the calling module.
    * In C++, only elements found in the included (public) header files are made available.
  * Caveat: `import`/`using` keywords (Julia) also *load* modules (see below).
  * Caveat: `import`/`using` (Julia) works only at the global scope level (`module`s)
    * In C++, `using namespace X` works within arbitrary scopes (ex: function scope).

### Julia &hArr; C/C++: Module loading
  * When you think of a C/C++ "**library**", you are likely looking for a Julia "**package**".
    * Caveat: C/C++ libraries often house multiple "software modules" whereas Julia
      "packages" typically house one.
    * Reminder: Julia `module`s are global scopes (not necessarily "software modules").
  * **Instead of build/`make` scripts**, Julia uses "Project Environments" (sometimes called
    either "Project" or "Environment").
    * Build scripts are only needed for more complex applications

>       (like those needing to compile, or download C/C++ executables :) ).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      (like those needing to compile or download C/C++ executables).
```

>     * C/C++ code typically target more conventional applications, whereas Julia
>       "Project Environments" provide a set of packages to experiment with particular problem
>       spaces. Julia users typically use problem-specific "scripts" for this type of experimentation.

Reviewer 2: seems a normative opinion, and does not seem to say anything prescriptive about either language
```suggestion
```

Author: Agreed. This is probably misleading:
- I was trying to address how C++ doesn't focus on interactive (REPL-based) sessions.
  (Unless using a special distro like CERN/Root https://root.cern/)
- Most C++ toolsets/examples help you build standalone applications.
- The C++ "project environment" is ***implicitly*** defined by the build scripts
  (including source/libraries being compiled/linked).

On the Julia side, I've noticed creating standalone applications can be tough for new users:
- Running/programming in Julia is just a different mindset.
- Interactive sessions feels more like Matlab flow - alien to some coming from C++/VisualBasic/etc.
- Can't just double-click on a .jl file in Windows to launch a Julia script.
  (No file associations are created on the Julia-Windows install)

It might be nice to be able to get Windows distributions set up such that the following file would just work by double-clicking:
```julia
#!JLScript -iq --startup-file=no --project=@Global_ProjectNameHere

using Plots
#[Do computations here]
#[Generate plothere]

```

Anyhow. I'm ok with dropping this. This might not be the right place to address this anyhow.

>     * To develop a "conventional" application/project in Julia, you can initialize its root directory

Reviewer 2: Avoid loaded words and phrases
```suggestion
    * To develop application or project in Julia, you can initialize its root directory
```

      as a "Project Environment", and house application-specific code/packages there.
      This provides good control over project dependencies, and future reproducibility.

>     * Available packages are added to a "Project Environment" with the `pkg> add` tool

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Available packages are added to a "Project Environment" with the `Pkg.add()` function or Pkg REPL mode.
```

      (This does not **load** said package, however).
    * The list of available packages (direct dependencies) for a "Project Environment" are
      saved in its `Project.toml` file.
    * The *full* dependency information for a "Project Environment" is auto-generated & saved

>       in its `Manifest.toml` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      in its `Manifest.toml` file by `Pkg.resolve()`.
```

  * Packages ("software modules") available to the "Project Environment" are loaded with
    `import` or `using`.
    * In C/C++, you `#include <moduleheader>` to get object/function delarations, and link in
      libraries when you build the executable.

>     * In Julia, whatever is loaded is available to *all other* loaded modules through its
>       fully qualified path (no header file required).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * In Julia, calling using/import again just brings the existing module into scope, but does not load it again
      (similar to adding the non-standard `#pragma once` to C/C++).
```

>     * Use `import SomePkg: SubModule.SubSubmodule` (Julia) to access package submodules.

Reviewer 2: this doesn't really have a C++ analogue, it just is a comment on a Julia syntax
```suggestion
```

Author: True. It might have been good to show this is equivalent to a C++ "namespace alias"

I found this example on stack overflow - but I haven't used C++ in a while, and I only vaguely remember this:
```cpp
namespace ublas = boost::numeric::ublas;
ublas::vector<double> v;
```
(ref: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1211399/in-c-what-is-a-namespace-alias)

Though I'm ok with removing this line if it doesn't add much.

  * **Directory-based package repositories** (Julia) can be made available by adding repository
    paths to the `Base.LOAD_PATH` array.

>     * Packages from directory-based repositories do not require the `pkg> add` tool prior to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Packages from directory-based repositories do not require the `Pkg.add()` tool prior to
```

    symbols that are intended for their users.
    * Often, Julia `module`s simply add functionality by generating new "methods" to existing
      functions (ex: `Base.push!`).
    * Developers of Julia packages therefore cannot rely on header files for interface
      documentation.
    * Interfaces for Julia packages are typically described using docstrings, README.md,
      static web pages, ...
  * Some developers choose not to `export` all symbols required to use their package/module.
    * Users might be expected to access these components by qualifying functions/structs/...
      with the package/module name (ex: `MyModule.run_this_task(...)`).

### Julia &hArr; C/C++: Quick reference

| Software Concept   | Julia | C/C++ |
| :---               | :---  | :---  |
| unnamed scope      | `begin` ... `end`        | `{` ... `}`                                  |
| function scope     | `function x()` ... `end` | `int x() {` ... `}`                          |
| global scope       | `module MyMod` ... `end` | `namespace MyNS {` ... `}`                   |
| software module    | A Julia "package"        | `.h`/`.hpp` files<br>+compiled `somelib.a`   |

> | assembling<br>software modules | `SomePkg.jl`: ...<br>`import subfile1.jl`<br>`import subfile2.jl`<br>... | `$(AR) *.o` &rArr; `somelib.a` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| assembling<br>software modules | `SomePkg.jl`: ...<br>`import("subfile1.jl")`<br>`import("subfile2.jl")`<br>... | `$(AR) *.o` &rArr; `somelib.a` |
```
